# 5-billion-sales
https://youtu.be/oZ7CZRL5XGM     general question   all common questions    What's the biggest mistake I can make?   Some colleagues are doing it completely wrong!   This FAQ was suggested by a top recruiter in Affiliate Network - Recommended on 21/08/2021    Don't waste this big opportunity!    Don't make this mistake!    It's a secret pre-launch!  We can't give you a lot of details to use in promotions, however you will find a lot of content under the marketing link at your back office.  See Also - News Release Here    Affiliates and Networkers and Distributors should be able to see the opportunity clearly, it is all about building in pre-launch!  Serious people will join your network and they will promote without being pushed.  If they don't, they waste space in your network.    Tell other people that introducing people to this business to use the Internet can make money, but using it pays off.  But, that is for post-launch!  Service 1 users no longer want!  Now only affiliate types are needed.  This is an affiliate pre-launch and not a user adoption launch.    Users who do not want to become affiliates should not sign up now as the pre-launch is only for affiliates, not users.  Don't waste your network space with people who aren't going to refer other affiliate types of people to build another level in your network.  You need builders!    Calling all builders!   You have to fill your level 1 with people who will refer other allies to build a huge network under you, so when we hit the launch button you earn 10,000 overrides a week, not just 10!  You are here to find affiliates to build a network beneath you that will spread into a huge wave of promotional activity to find users at launch.  Filling your network with people who don't or don't want to be referred is pointless and you will lose huge money.    Fill your affiliate network with money-hungry promoters, not people who want to use service1 and who don't help you build your network.  There are many affiliates that are currently filling their affiliate network with Service 1 users who will fail their network and not earn them life-changing overrides after launch.  Those people haven't read the opportunity correctly and haven't realized the potential income from being early!  Early affiliates who fill their network with busy networkers win.  Everyone else will lose!    Don't waste your time or this wonderful opportunity!  You have to fill your Level 1 with people who understand that this is their future income, not instant money, but building up to a bigger income after our launch.  You don't need service1 user, you need networker!  Get the people who are interested in earning the override, not the 1$400 service as they are users and don't have access to your affiliate network.  You're lucky to be in a hurry, it's going to be huge... This is a chance to build up your network of promoters before other people do.    You recruit people who want to be allies.  Allies Join your level 1 and find other allies.  They don't sit in a seat on your level 1 until you launch and then become a Service 1 user.  You don't have such an opportunity.  You have to build your network of allies.  Your affiliates then promote the service 1 after launch and build up a huge wall of users who make you rich!  Get it wrong and stay poor!    Build your network full of affiliate types of people who understand that building a future is most important.  Don't ask people to join your network to use the service, they must join to promote after we launch.  Don't make the mistake of referring people who don't want to promote and build your network, it will be a huge waste of opportunity.  Affiliates, Distributors, Network Marketers, people who want to change their life big time are the people you want to fill your network with.  Service 1 adoption comes after launch.  Service 1 Internet users are not in your downline.  Don't do it wrong!  pass this on!    Do I get paid $100 for each affiliate I sponsor?  Click    leaders needed    Build your network and explode or go bad after launch.   https://youtu.be/oZ7CZRL5XGM.           https://5billionsales.com/affiliate/asif90 
